[Docs] Update nav instructions and sample data installation to accommodate for the solution views (#199163)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/getting-started/sample-data.asciidoc

[discrete]
=== CSV upload

> You can also use the CSV uploader provided oin the {kib}.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the CSV uploader provided on the **Upload file** page available from **Integrations**.
```
